== README
This is a Rails::API project serving data up to a seperate node app with Flux and React.
It is a simple Rails application (chicago_api) that serves JSON resources to an API client, frontend (chicago_south - Not available in public repository).

The objective here is to slice what would be a monolithic Rails app into a lightweight backend serving API.
Angular.js is fine to use but requires too much effort. React is getting a lot of good press, so why not use it.

React is simple. On a high level it promotes events and data to be one directional day flow.
React leverages the virtual DOM for high performance.
React promotes componentized development.
React a view layer helping the DOM to be more modular.

All other JS frameworks are MVC so I won't compare them to React.
React is used to build the frontend with flux architecture.

Flux is a one directional data flow which lines up with React. (Also a one directional data flow)

Since this an API, no session is involved
I'm using Devise to authenticate the user in each request.

Moving forward, I'll be using tools like React Native and Relay along with React.

== Adding additional middleware
$ bundle exec rake middleware

== Seeding & Running the web application
$ bundle exec rake db:create:all

$ bundle exec rake db:migrate

$ bundle exec rake db:seed

$ bundle exec rake db:migrate db:test:prepare

== Testing API with Cucumber, Rack-test & Sinatra
$ rackup
  (starts sinatra on port=9292)

$ rake cucumber:all

== Testing API with Curl
$ rails s -p 3002
  (starts WEBrick server on port=3002)

$  curl localhost:3002/v1/login --data "user[email]=test@test.com&user[username]=user&user[password]=password&user[password_confirmation]=password"

You should have a JSON response similar to this:

{
  "email":"test@test.com",
  "token_type":"Love_Is_An_Adventure!",
  "user_id":1,
  "access_token":"1:JzuQ1sXoAPfM_zWpuhNB"
}


